
1) Explain REST
is a style of software architecture defining a set of constraints to be used to create web services.
RESTful systems, are characterized by how they are stateless and separate the concerns of client and server.


2) Explain the architectural style for the creation of a web API (client server communication, formatting language, number of servers, etc.)

in the REST architectural style, the implementation of the client and the implementation of the server can be done
independently without each knowing about the other.
This means that we can change the code inside the client without affecting the operation of the server,
also we can change the code in the server without make an operation in the client.

Systems that follow the REST paradigm are stateless, that means that the client does not need to know anything about
what state the server is in and vice versa.

The communications between the client and the server consist in that the clients
send requests to recover or modify resources, and the servers send responses to these requests.

Communication can come from multiple clients or from a client to a server.

3) What are the best practices when deploying an application in the cloud
As an application developer, we should choose PaaS, because that the infrastructure is managed for us,
so we can focus on your application code.


4) What are your best strength : infra ? DB ? web ?
I worked our project with database Cassandra . it is a database of type Nosql.

5) Among all the projects you have worked on. Which architecture do you enjoy the most? explain why ?
I worked with the architecture CQRS (Command and Query Responsibility Segregation)
I enjoy to work with this architecture because it separate between the read queries from db and the write command
. The write in the db can be in the Future (async) also the CQRS adapts perfectly to Event Sourcing.
With CQRS we separate the Interface(Api), the command Handler and the eventHandler, that help as to create many optimized microServices.

